                     IFOPE Public License Agreement
              The International Flag of Planet Earth (IFOPE)

License

THE INTERNATIONAL FLAG OF PLANET EARTH (THE “WORK”) IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS
OF THIS IFOPE PUBLIC LICENSE (“LICENSE”) BY THE INTERNATIONAL FLAG OF PLANET
EARTH ORGANIZATION. THE WORK IS PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT. ANY USE OF THE WORK
OTHER THAN AS AUTHORIZED UNDER THIS LICENSE OR COPYRIGHT LAW IS PROHIBITED.

BY EXERCISING ANY RIGHTS TO THE WORK PROVIDED HERE, YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO THE
TERMS OF THIS LICENSE.

1. Allowable Uses.

The intended use rights (“Intentions”) are:

  a) to represent the astronomical body of planet Earth; not a business,
     organization, brand, community or individual; thus no trademark/logotype
     is accepted (see Restrictions below).
  b) to honor the original Work; thus no changes to the emblem design or colors
     are allowed, however the rectangular shape of the design may vary
     depending on the use.

2. License Grant

Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, Licensor hereby grants You
a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, perpetual (for the duration of the
applicable copyright and provided you follow the terms of this License) license
to exercise the rights in the Work as stated below:

  a) to reproduce, publicly display, publicly perform and distribute the Work
     for private and commercial purposes and to incorporate the Work into your
     creative projects (subject to the restrictions below), in line with the
     Intentions and without alterations of the emblem and the colors of the
     work;
  b) to change the shape of the Work depending on the use, in line with the
     Intentions and while keeping the emblem and colors intact.

The above rights may be exercised in all media and formats whether now known or
hereafter devised. The above rights include the right to make such
modifications as are technically necessary to exercise the rights in other
media and formats, and the right to incorporate the Work into your own creative
works in line with the Intentions but otherwise you have no rights to make
derivative works. No alterations to the emblem or colors are allowed.

All rights not expressly granted by Licensor are hereby reserved.

3. Restrictions

The license granted above is expressly made subject to and limited by the
following restrictions:

  a) You may not use the Work as a personal or business trademark/logo and must
     refrain from any other use than mentioned Intentions above.
  b) You may not offer or impose any terms on the Work that alter or restrict
     the terms of this License or the recipients’ exercise of the rights
     granted hereunder.
  c) You may not sublicense the Work.
  d) You may not reproduce, distribute, publicly display, or publicly perform,
     the Work with any technological measures that control access or use of the
     Work in a manner inconsistent with the terms of this License Agreement.

4. Disclaimer of warranties and limitation on liability.

LICENSOR PROVIDES THE WORK ‘AS IS’ WITHOUT AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, COVENANTS, OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND (EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE), INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL LICENSOR BE
LIABLE TO YOU ON ANY LEGAL THEORY FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS LICENSE OR THE
USE OF THE WORK, EVEN IF LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL LICENSOR’S TOTAL LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH THIS
LICENSE EXCEED $1.

5. Termination

  a) This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate automatically
     upon any breach by You of the terms of this License. Individuals or
     entities who have received creative works from You under this License,
     however, will not have their licenses terminated, provided such
     individuals or entities remain in full compliance with those licenses.
  b) Subject to the above terms and conditions, the license granted here is
     perpetual (for the duration of the applicable copyright in the Work).
     Notwithstanding the above, Licensor reserves the right to release the Work
     under different license terms or to stop distributing the Work at any
     time; provided, however that any such election will not serve to withdraw
     this License (or any other license that has been, or is required to be,
     granted under the terms of this License), and this License will continue
     in full force and effect unless terminated as stated above.

6. Miscellaneous

  a) If any provision of this License is invalid or unenforceable under
     applicable law, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the
     remainder of the terms of this License, and without further action by the
     parties to this agreement, such provision shall be reformed to the minimum
     extent necessary to make such provision valid and enforceable.
  b) This License constitutes the agreement between the parties with respect to
     the Work licensed here. The Licensor shall not be bound by any provisions
     that may appear in any communication from You. This License may not be
     modified.
  c) In the event of a dispute arising under this License, you agree to the
     exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in Colorado, USA.
